The Laptop Buyer skill helps the user by asking questions and answering them. The skill will ask a question in order to understand what the user is looking for in a laptop the most. After answering, one of the count variables, depending on which concern/category the user chooses, will be set to a value of 1. Then, the user is asked which brand they would like to look into. There are intents for each brand, one intent per brand with if and else if statements in each that work depending on which concern was given by the user (it does this by checking which count variable has been set to 1). The if or else if statement will set a temporary variable's value to a String that comes from one of the 2D arrays and returns it to the user. More details on the 2D arrays is coming after this. The phases of this Laptop Buyer skill overall are concern, concern options (optional), brands, brand options (optional), laptop recommendations, and information on laptop recommendations made.

chart of the best brands (in no particular order) for each category/concern that the user may have:

money    quality    innovation  
Lenovo   Dell       Dell
Dell     Lenovo     HP
HP      Microsoft   Lenovo
Acer     HP         Apple
Asus     Apple      Acer

As you can see, the categories/concerns are money, quality, and innovation. These are also the three concerns that the user can have addressed by the skill. I chose to make only these three because they seemed to be the main aspects of concern among tech websites, blogs, reviews, and consumers. They also covered many issues. For instance, money covered affordability, tight budgets, and best value for your money (kind of like ROI) and quality covered issues like how capable or powerful laptops were and what the best laptops were overall.

This chart also shows how each of the three 2D arrays in the Lambda code are laid out. It seemed to be a good way to organize information in the skill. The three 2D arrays are called brands, laptops, and information. The brands 2D array is like the chart shown above, including categories and brand names. The laptops 2D array has the same information in the first row (money, quality, innovation), but the rest of the 2D array is filled with actual laptop names that were made by the brand in that space (from the brands array) and refer to the best laptops for that category/column. For example, Lenovo is the first brand under the money column, so in the laptops 2D array, that position contains a String of the best Lenovo laptops for money/affordability. The information 2D array is completed in the same manner, but with information on each laptop to describe and highlight some of its key features. Overall, this makes it more straight-forward when typing all the data and sending it to the user, as the rows and columns positions match up!

The intents in the actual skill in Amazon developer were made with specific utterances that would make it less likely that the wrong intent is triggered. For example, when trying to get a Dell laptop recommendation, the user must say "Dell" somewhere in their response and same goes for any other brand of laptop in the skill. In addition, there are brandOptions and concernOptions intents that allow the user to ask Alexa to repeat the options they have. This is useful for real life instances where people use this skill by speaking to an Amazon Alexa and would like to hear the options repeated out loud. This differs from classroom setups and online Alexa testing tools where you can type and where you can see a history of all the messages sent from and to Alexa on a screen.

I added the concernCheck intent to address the fact that users may have other concerns, even outside all the sample utterances of the skill (such as how "money" is also "price" or "affordability"). The otherBrandsIntent is meant to do the same for when users say a brand name outside of the choices available.
